Add MQTT BBEs (#4829)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/mqtt-client-ssl/mqtt_client_ssl.md

# MQTT client - SSL/TLS

> The `mqtt:Client` connects to a MQTT server via SSL/TLS and then, sends messages to the server. SSL/TLS can be enabled by configuring the `secureSocket`, which requires a certificate or a truststore. Further, mTLS can be enabled by providing a certificate and private key of the client or a keystore. Use this to connect to a MQTT server secured with SSL.

Reviewer: Did we consider adding a separate mTLS BBE for MQTT ? other modules have separate BBE for mTLS

Author: Messaging modules only have TLS BBEs.

> The `mqtt:Client` connects to an MQTT server via SSL/TLS and then, sends messages to the server. SSL/TLS can be enabled by configuring the `secureSocket`, which requires a certificate or a truststore. Further, mTLS can be enabled by providing a certificate and private key of the client or a keystore. Use this to connect to an MQTT server secured with SSL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `mqtt:Client` connects to an MQTT server via SSL/TLS, and then, sends messages to the server. SSL/TLS can be enabled by configuring the `secureSocket`, which requires a certificate or a trust store. Further, Mutual TLS (mTLS) can be enabled by providing a certificate and private key of the client or a keystore. Use this to connect to an MQTT server secured with SSL.
```

>**Info:** For more information on the underlying module, see the [`mqtt` module](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/mqtt/latest).

::: code mqtt_client_ssl.bal :::

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```
Ditto

> - Start a [MQTT broker](https://mqtt.org/software/) instance configured to use SSL/TLS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Start an [MQTT broker](https://mqtt.org/software/) instance, which is configured to use SSL/TLS.
```

- Run the MQTT service given in the [MQTT service - SSL/TLS](/learn/by-example/mqtt-service-ssl) example.

> Run the program by executing the following command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run the program by executing the following command.
```
Ditto
